Kaplan with the part of course she sunk
it she's got a three hole course buried
in her hair overcoming some of the
nerves that they displayed early on I
think they are and she knows that was a
big putt for her team which one of these
putts isn't big
come on announcers control your
adjectives well 14 epsilon E this brings
us to Patrick where's this shot coming
from Erin Boykin shoulder Hendra and he
doesn't wit me out he also came in first
to the Crispin Glover haircut imagine
disappointment from Andy I know each one
of these kids hopes to make an ace on
every when you have obstacles like this
now sometimes a me now is getting up to
the ball and not a lot she can do with
this Leafs and try and get it up close
to the hole but she could have done more
than that she's not even trying about
having to hit that home ball very hard
to be able to double the little big
country into mama setting up a similar
shot that we saw with team epsilon e
this is Stephen Jones hoping to Stephen
Jones yeah like that's his real name
I'm sure all these kids have Motel
aliases it's standard for the putt-putt
circuit all right fast forward
breather looking at the overall score to
see who's gonna win this thing
Richmond with the advantage leading on
the back nobody want to get those bricks
off the course they're kind of in the
way as we go now to the final hole 18
team Richmond first to the tee this is
Mandy Taylor you've got I think old
Mandy needs to take out some of her
frustrations on the putting range and by
putting range I mean her little sister
the chink in the armor here for team
Mandy may look like a big loser here but
in the mid-90s there were bigger losers
in the world of mini golf that's right
ran when an agreement between local mini
golf courses in the JPA couldn't be
reached in the summer of 95 all junior
teams decided to lock out their putters
they kept the league going by bringing
in scabs this is the story of two
brothers bitterly divided one a JPA
all-star the other a scab one stuck in
the sand trap the other sitting pretty
on the green why Andy well the fairway
wood the other with wet just rolled a
piece you know not many 14 year olds of
seized glory on the hallowed links of
the putt-putt course but I am that man
who was that boy he's one of the
greatest butters of all time if you
really want to break it down of all the
players that have played this game I
think I knew it was a big deal when I
saw Rachel cap ecchi watching me at the
16th hole at Lincoln Hills
I double banked a hole-in-one off the
back wall she waved at me Rachel compan
key
life was sweet before the strike with a
collective bargaining agreement in place
and no salary cap many questioned why
the jr. putters association would strike
at that time diminishes colored balls
and you tell me would you play golf with
blue balls with their top players on
strike the JPA turned to scab putters
one scab in particular really drew
Craig's ire
I can understand why yous upset I mean
pudding was my brother's life it was
like for him having that go down the way
it did that was like when Silver Surfer
got banished by Galactus but I know one
thing when I saw Rachel Kopecky leaving
it my brother was crossing that picket
line the strike was settled within weeks
but that was long enough for Carter
through his stellar play to take Craig's
spot on the team and soon
Rachel Kopecky was waving her hand at
another bogey
Carter bogey I'm proud of the time I
spent as a sanction Strike golfer not a
scab mind you sanctioned sanctioned
strike golfer all right I mean I hit I
hit seven holes in one in a row which
Craig never did that sorry he was
wearing his celebrity so outwardly that
he became a very polarizing kind of
figure you know I mean people either
just hated him because he was a hot dog
I loved him because of his style Craig
and Carter bogey hadn't spoken in 12
years but in the spring of 2003 they met
again at a putt-putt charity event for
Rachel kopecki who had been injured in a
tragic waving accident things were tense
until a revelation at the 9th hole I
just leaned over the ball and said to
myself John Jones the Martian Manhunter
couldn't make this putt and I was
floored I was like
you read Justice League of America and
then suddenly it was like we were 12
again and the strike never happened
forgiveness a big emotion I mean you
forgive people you're able to grow you
learn from your mistakes
tell you the truth I'm glad it happened
I mean my life may not be perfect now
but at least I got my brother back
honestly Craig's a massive downer I said
I'd be totally cool not seeing that
bitter for another 12 years oh man dude
I'm right here
damn you're such a today's to wow them
for it
do you care that in 1929 mini-golf
courses was set up on roofs of office
buildings in New York City for work
weary employees do you care that
McDonald's Holiday Inn and putt-putt
became three of the nation's first
franchise roadside businesses do you
care that the JPA was started by Don
Clayton as he lay in a hospital bed
after heart surgery in 1972 cheese
the guy has a near-death experience and
that's his vision hey some people see
God some people see mini John Daly
playing mini golf who are we to judge
whoa well what do you mean who are we to
judge we actually get paid to pass
judgment on people that's what we do
okay you're right you're right all right
it was a stupid vision thank you and I
my paycheck please Jesus
rolling nickels good tents good tents no
pressure here on team Ypsilanti is there
why is that funny because there is
pressure on Ypsilanti I still don't get
it he needs an ace here no pressure at
all Scott hilarious in the hole oh is
that what an ace is good thing we're
getting down the jargon at the end of
the match shop but just a little strong
like the bo on the Ypsilanti bus after a
long deodorant list day on the putt-putt
course some hugs therefore team epsilon
II some consolation hugs
so if slanty just lost the civil war of
putt-putt way to represent the Union
guys and if you watching this at home
and you want to come out and try it some
of these shots go to your local
putt-putt the holes are the same every
place so this has just been one big
infomercial for putt-putt some of these
shots from these angles freeze it you
think things are bad for the epsilon T
kids check out this guy he bet on
epsilon E and he lost his shirt and his
shoes and perhaps saddest of all his
ability to be served
it's a tough little putt she's got
coming up and she honestly just does not
care anymore about anything these kids
Kyle
my friends and there's always next year
when you're eleven there is always a
next year especially when your name is
Danny Almonte you'll see a Patras gear
really wanting to make this and finish
it up yeah he wants to get home in time
for Farscape shot up to the butt to make
Falls Mick yes Bobby team Richmond an
incredible